Adds content to card react examples (#7725)
patternfly/patternfly-react: packages/react-core/src/components/Card/examples/Card.md

```ts file='./CardBasic.tsx'
```

### Modifiers

You can further modify the styling of the card's content by using the properties in the following example. In the example, you can enable each modifier by selecting its respective checkbox.

Most modifiers can be used in combination with each other, with the exception of `isCompact` and `isLarge`, since they are contradictory.

```ts file='./CardWithModifiers.tsx'
```

| Modifier | Description |
| --- | --- |
| isCompact | Modifies the card to include compact styling. Should not be used with isLarge. |
| isFlat | Modifies the card to include flat styling. |
| isRounded | Modifies the card to include rounded border styling. |
| isLarge | Modifies the card to be large. Should not be used with isCompact. |
| isFullHeight | Modifies the card so that it fills the total available height of its container. |
| isPlain | Modifies the card to include plain styling, which removes the border and background. | 

### Header images and actions

> You can include header images using `<Brand>` within `<CardHeaderMain>` and you can include header actions within `<CardActions>`.

Reviewer: Since the example is only showing the use of the `Brand` component rather than it being necessary for this scenario, it might be better to say something along the lines of:

```suggestion
You can include `CardHeader` images within `<CardHeaderMain>`, and you can include header actions within `<CardActions>`. The following example includes an image using the [Brand](/components/brand) component.
```

(could also omit the "`CardHeader`" bit and just keep "header")

Reviewer 2: We might also want to add here that the `hasNoOffset` prop can be used whenever the user wants to remove the negative margin applied to the `CardActions` so that the Actions can better align with a large card title or a tall image in the header, for example.

Reviewer 3: FWIW, technically you can put whatever you want in `<CardHeaderMain>`. The reason it exists is because `<CardHeader>` is a flex layout, which means you can't just drop anything in `<CardHeader>` because they'll be flex items and flex items don't lay out like regular things - https://codepen.io/mcoker/pen/KKobLPz

So we created `<CardHeaderMain>` (not a flex layout) as an element supported in the header that you can just put regular stuff in. 

Also if it helps understand `hasNoOffset`, the reason we have that prop is because with a default card, using the default card title (font/font-size), and a plain/kebab action on the right, our original design requirement was to align the title text and kebab icon. We did that by adding a negative margin/offset to the actions element as @nicolethoen mentioned, which moves it so the title and kebab align. Here's a picture of that:

* dotted blue border around the header content area
* dotted red border around that kebab/action (showing how it's offset outside of the bounds of the header content area it's in
* solid red line showing the text/kebab icon alignment

<img width="890" alt="Screen Shot 2022-08-18 at 3 37 05 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/35148959/185490902-2673f335-7898-4a62-a219-750dcfe94190.png">

However, as @nicolethoen pointed out, that breaks when you are using something text or whatever in the header that is a different size than the default title, so we have that variation to remove the offset so a user can manage that themselves if they like.

Author: Thanks for this context! I just added some of this info in my last commit -- let me know if that sounds correct! To remove this negative margin, does hasNoOffset just need to be set to "true"? I couldn't quite tell from the example.

```ts file='./CardWithImageAndActions.tsx'
```

> ### Title inline with images and actions
> 
> Moving `<CardTitle>` within the `CardHeader` component will style it in line with any images or actions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Title inline with images and actions

Moving `<CardTitle>` within the `CardHeader` component will style it inline with any images or actions.
```

```ts file='./CardHeaderInCardHead.tsx'
```

> ### Only actions in card head (no header/footer)

Reviewer: Nit:

```suggestion
### Only actions in card header
```

I think "Only actions in card head (no header...)" could come off as contradictory. Another suggestion could be "Only actions in card header (no title/footer)"

> You may place `<CardActions>` in `<CardHeader>` even if you're only using `<CardBody>`.

Reviewer: I'm trying to think of a way to reword the description here, since it seems like the example is mainly showing off a Card without a `CardTitle`. Maybe a description along the lines of:

```suggestion
You may place only `<CardActions>` in the `<CardHeader>` even when omitting a `<CardTitle>`.
```
Plus maybe a short sentence about how the same could be done with images (since we're removing the "Only images in card head" example.

Though it does make me wonder whether this example should be kept.. @kmcfaul what do you think?

Author: I was wondering if these were necessary examples or not, but I went ahead and left just this one for now. I can add back the "only images in card head" example if it's valuable to have both demonstrated, though

```ts file='./CardOnlyActionsInCardHead.tsx'
```

### With HTML heading element

You may use the `component` property to place the card's title within an HTML heading element.

```ts file='./CardWithHeadingElement.tsx'
```

### With multiple body sections

You may use multiple body sections to visually separate different sections of content.

```ts file='./CardWithMultipleBodySections.tsx'
```

### With a body section that fills

> Use the `isFilled` property to let the body content fill the height of the card.

Reviewer: Since `isFilled` is "true" by default, and to explain a little more what is going on in the example, maybe something like:

```suggestion
The `isFilled` property allows body content to fill the height of the card, after taking into account the height that is taken up by any other card content.

The following example has 3 `<CardBody>` sub-components, with two having `isFilled` set to "false" to show how the third card body fills the remaining height.
```

@mcoker do you have a better way to convey what is going on in this example in terms of how the `isFilled` prop and `pf-m-no-fill` classes are interacting?

Reviewer 3: > Since `isFilled` is "true"

Good call out. It's actually the case that card body sections grow to fill the available height of the card by default. This is only visible if the card is taller than the content inside of it. In that case, the body(s) will grow to fill any available space, and they all grow together. `isFilled` only really exists so you can set it to `false`, which disabled that feature on a body element. Probably the most common use case is to have multiple body elements, and set all but one of them to `isFilled={false}` to have a primary body fill the available space of the card.

Here's a demo that shows how that works - https://codepen.io/mcoker/pen/qBoQyVN

I might say something like "Card body sections are setup to fill the available height/space of the card by default via `isFilled={true}`. To disable that for one or more body sections, set `isFilled={false}`.

And maybe title the example "With a primary body section using `isFilled`"?

Author: I opted to call this "With a primary body section that fills" since we haven't used property names in example headings yet (that I've noticed), but if that's not descriptive enough then we can swap "fills" over to `isFilled`

Reviewer: Not sure if PatternFly will have an issue with it, but outside of PF I believe I've noticed that using codeblocks in headings can be iffy when it comes to creating links to/rendering them. So if we did want to include `isFilled` in the example title, maybe instead just "With a primary body section using isFilled" without the backticks to be safe?

I'm good with either that or the current example title, though. I think naming this one succinctly may just be a little more difficult since there's a bit more going on than a short title may be able to convey.

import pfLogo from './pfLogo.svg';
import pfLogoSmall from './pf-logo-small.svg';

## Examples 

### Basic cards

> Basic cards typically have a `<CardTitle>`, `<CardBody>` and `<CardFooter>`, though only a body is required. 

Reviewer 3: Technically `<CardBody>` isn't required. Those sections add padding and spacing and stuff. If you just want an outer card wrapper with custom stuff in it (no padding), just use `<Card>` on its own. Here's an example - the data list in the page section is in an empty `<Card>` - https://www.patternfly.org/v4/components/data-list/html-demos/basic/

> Basic cards typically have a `<CardTitle>`, `<CardBody>` and `<CardFooter>`, though only a body is required. 

Author: Is it worth mentioning why we generally recommend including CardBody, or do you think it's enough to just say we recommend at least including that? If so - is the reasoning just because it applies better practice styling to content? 

In the demo is the empty <Card> the one that just says "patternfly-unified-design-kit"? And this may be a weird question, but is there any way to see the js code for the cards in the demo, like the code snippets that are available in the examples? For example, can you see the specific card implementation within Chrome's devtools for the demo? Kind of just curious 😆

> Basic cards typically have a `<CardTitle>`, `<CardBody>` and `<CardFooter>`, though only a body is required. 

Reviewer: @edonehoo For the code for that demo, it's only in the HTML Demos tab but: https://www.patternfly.org/v4/components/data-list/html-demos#basic

Essentially everything below the "This is a full page demo." text on that demo is inside a Card.

In terms of what should be mentioned... Since this verbiage is on a "basic card" example (and probably not intended for a case like this demo), I could see something along the lines of "For typical use-cases, it's recommneded to at least include a CardBody to provide details about the card item" possibly working if we want to include that sort of verbiage. An alternative would be to just omit that part and simply state "Basic cards typically have a `<CardTitle>`, `<CardBody>` and `<CardFooter>`."

```

#### Only actions in card head (no header/footer)

You may place `<CardActions>` in `<CardHeader>` even if you're only using `<CardBody>`.

```ts file='./CardOnlyActionsInCardHead.tsx'
```

### Footer variations

Use the `<CardFooter>` prop to provide additional information at the bottom of the card. This is an optional feature.

### Body variations

`<CardBody>` provides details about the item and can include any combination of static text and/or active content. This is a required feature. PatternFly supports a few different body variations, outlined below. 

#### With only a body section

`<CardBody>` may be used on its own if `<CardTitle>` and `<CardFooter>` aren't needed. 

```ts file='./CardWithOnlyBodySection.tsx'
```

#### With multiple body sections

You may use multiple body sections.

```ts file='./CardWithMultipleBodySections.tsx'
```

#### With a body section that fills

Use the `isFilled` property to let the body content fill the height of the card.

```ts file='./CardWithBodySectionFills.tsx'
```

### Selectable cards

PatternFly supports two types of selectable cards: 

1. Multi-select cards, which support multiple selections via a checkbox. 

> 2. Selectable cards, which can only be selected one at a time.

Author: > I'm not sure if we should mention the checkbox select cards here. 
Yeah now I'm trying to understand where I got the checkbox stuff from in the first place hah ... but I agree that it makes more sense not to mention here!

```ts file='./CardSelectable.tsx'
```

### Legacy 

PatternFly currently supports an updated version of selectable cards, but an example of our legacy selectable card is included below.

```ts file='./CardLegacySelectable.tsx'
```

### Accessibility features

The following cards demonstrate how the `hasSelectableInput` and `onSelectableInputChange` properties improve accessibility for selectable cards.

The first card sets `hasSelectableInput` to true, which renders a checkbox input that is only visible to, and navigable by, screen readers. This input communicates to assistive technology users that a card is selectable, and if so, it communicates the current selection state as well.

By default this input will have an aria-label that corresponds to the `<CardTitle>`. If this isn't defined, then you must pass a custom aria-label using the `selectableInputAriaLabel` property.

> The first card passes an onchange callback to `onSelectableInputChange` in order to enable the selection/deselection of the associated card via checkbox input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first card passes an onChange callback to `onSelectableInputChange` in order to enable the selection/deselection of the associated card via checkbox input.
```

> The second card does not set `hasSelectableInput` to true, so neither the input or the selection state is not visible to screen readers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The second card does not set `hasSelectableInput` to true, so neither the input or the selection state is not communicated to users of assistive technologies.
```
